# Client Meeting 02

## Meeting Date 
Feb 3rd, 2022

### Raw Notes
- compile simple summary of mvp scope for client
- first staff login for the day tracking with date and time to keep record
- focus on user friendly ness and ease of use
- images in the activity entry
- one activity, one report


### Questions 
  - Do we have to manage anything related to taxes for items?
    - no for the products and activities are add without taxes
    - if we are deducting from customer balance then we need to include tax (push back?)
    - In activity entry client may want ability to give discounts (push back?)
    - for EOD reports with we should calculate taxes there too 

- Are there customers that just come in and purchase a product? Does the purchase require a report?
  - yes this is possible 
  - we may have to look at splitting product and activity entry because we still need to log just purchases of product
- What are the most important/common type of reports that you need?
- 
- Can you elaborate on what is a health record of your customers?
  - Can be really deep (for RMT) but not as deep for just facials
  - like do they have a pacemaker or condition
  - We may need to make this a bigger part which has more customizable field
  - for mvp we get critical basic info and leave room for general notes?
- Are picture upload for an activity entry something you need?
    - yes
- Can activity entry be updated/edited?
  - in theory and usually no, but they want that functionality and they want the track last edits
- One